now Lego has built a vast empire of
movies games and toys out of tiny
plastic bricks and all of the money in
my wallet but now that world is
expanding with lego dimensions and here
to tell us more is the associate
producer of TT games it's mark Warburton
first of all mark on behalf of myself
and my five-year-old son Finley I wanted
to say thank you you're more than
welcome sir
great let's get into the real business
here you've got lego dimensions I am so
excited - tell us what you've announced
this week at e3 so III was the absolute
perfect time for us to come out and go
we've got Paul back you know poor valve
and the guys that they are the just the
geniuses of story-driven games so for
them to trust us with that brand to be
able to filter it through Lego and add
it to our amazing catalog perfect it's
absolutely amazing so we've got the
portal here we've got a bunch of
minifigs we've got some mini vehicles as
well all looks absolutely amazing so
it's nice we've got like DC Universe
we've got Back to the Future and you can
see shell at the front there
why was poor all perfect for Lego well
Lego dimensions has allowed us to just
go what do we want and the guys sat down
said you know we all love portal so
let's put it in the Lego game and that's
kind of where all these IPS have come
from there's no the reason for it other
than everyone at CT loves these
franchises love these IPS and we just
want to see them done absolute justice
in a Lego game it feels like that like
the kind of portal sense of human really
fits well away yeah yeah
she wasn't how the portal works and how
some of the minifigures that work talk
us through this so what we wanted to do
with this is absolutely eliminate the
barriers between physical and digital
play so rather than just been a spawning
device the toy part actually becomes
controller so as you can see here John
is very kindly demonstrating that when
you access the toy piping panics it
becomes a sort of virtual teleportation
device and as he moves the characters
from one collar of the toy pad to the
other they teleport through these rifts
right great GLaDOS these rules so it's
really tactile right it's like yeah
they're not just putting the minifigs on
there
and kind of leave in them no no you're
constantly interacting with the poor
minifigs in the game yeah it's bringing
in that bridging that gap between
physical and digital and these are
proper minifigs as well right this
earlier can we actually disassemble
these and tear them apart
it is 100% Lego toy fantastic so that
means of course that you can use them
with all the LEGO sets that you've got a
home exactly yeah so you know this was
the the whole point of it I mean when
you have a Lego set at home you don't
just keep one set one side well you mash
them all together that was the whole
idea of the game there's not much point
in having a toys to life game if you
don't actually have a toy fantastic all
right tell us more about the story and
and you know walk us through what's
happening on screen here as well so the
overarching story is there's a new
villain in town who's Fireice bad guy
called love or tech and he has decided
that he wants to reshape the
universities image and lofty so our
heroes Batman Gandalf and wild style
they've been tasked with stopping him
and jump through the portals to try and
stop him any way they can
okay along the way they get pulled in
with other friends and see one of the
crazy adventures they can get up to but
the great thing about Lego of course we
saw it in the lego movie is like a
mash-up of all these different
characters right so we're gonna see the
same in Lego dimension oh yeah we read
them to do that yeah freedom every
character can go in every web level at
every time every vehicle gadget
everything there's no walls no barriers
you play the game exactly how you want
to play it okay tell me how the vehicles
work as well and how you can upgrade
some of this stuff so well we'll get the
DeLorean here so yeah that is my not yet
when you buy on day one it is just like
Oh bricks tells you how to build it and
then as you progress through the game
you upgrade it and new abilities but
when you upgrade you rebuild this you
take it apart Digital build instructions
will pop up on the screen and tell you
how to do it you pop it on the TypePad
and your new vehicle appear in the game
fantastic
so each vehicle is three different
vehicles okay new abilities new looks
lovely so I'm gonna take this one home
now that's great yeah go Frank you very
much about that when do they have to
wait til to get their hands on like a
demo for you seven to September this
year this year make sure it's on the
Christmas lists mark thank you very much
John thank you for driving the demo as
well that has absolutely brilliant
you